1. C++ is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled.It is regarded as an intermediate-level 
language,as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features.It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic
programming features. It was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup starting in 1979 at Bell Labs, C++ was originally named C with 
Classes,adding object-oriented features, such as classes, and other enhancements to the C programming language.

2.Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging to the C 
programming language. It is the main programming language used by Apple for the OS X and iOS operating systems and their
respective APIs, Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. Originally developed in the early 1980s, it was selected as the main language used
by NeXT for its NeXTSTEP operating system, from which OS X and iOS are derived.Generic Objective-C programs that do not 
use the Cocoa or Cocoa Touch libraries, or using parts that may be ported or reimplemented for other systems can also be 
compiled for any system supported by GCC or Clang.

3.C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, 
generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within 
its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). C♯ is one of the 
programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, 
allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime.

4.Perl is a family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages. The languages in this family
include Perl 5 and Perl 6. Though Perl is not officially an acronym, there are various backronyms in use, such as: 
Practical Extraction and ReportingLanguage. Perl was originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix 
scripting language to make report processing easier.Since then, it has undergone many changes and revisions.

5.Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have 
as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" 
(WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are 
typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer 
architecture. Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server web 
applications, with a reported 9 million developers.